We do actually want CI to pass a branch (#1123)
matrix-org/sytest: docker/README.md

# SyTest Docker Images

These Dockerfiles create containers for running SyTest in various

> configurations. SyTest is not [included in these images by default](#selecting-a-sytest-checkout),
> but its dependencies are.

Reviewer: it's not actually possible to include Sytest itself in the Docker images. How about:

```suggestion
configurations. SyTest is not included in these images (see 
[Selecting a checkout of SyTest](#selecting-a-sytest-checkout)),
but its dependencies are.
```

### Synapse

The `sytest-synapse` and `sytest-dendrite` images expect a checkout of the 
homeserver git repository to be mounted at `/src`; otherwise, the image will

> try to fetch that repository from GitHub.

Reviewer: Is this correct? I thought that it would just fail if `/src` didn't exist.

The following environment variables can be set with `-e` to control the test run:

 * `SYTEST_BRANCH`: controls which branch of synapse or dendrite we fetch when  `/src`

>    is missing. If omitted or if that branch doesn't exist, we'll fetch the  appropriate development branch.

Reviewer: this isn't quite right. As above: if `/src` is missing, I don't think it works at all...

Author: Argh! Thanks. I think I keep confusing `/src` and `/sytest`. It's the CI job that has to fetch the source

Reviewer: No worries! It is pretty confusing.

docker run --rm -it -v /path/to/dendrite\:/src:ro -v /path/to/where/you/want/logs\:/logs matrixdotorg/sytest-dendrite
```

## Selecting a checkout of Sytest

The images do not contain a copy of Sytest; by default, they download
an appropriate branch of Sytest. Normally this is either a branch with
the same name as that of the target homeserver, or `develop`.
This can be overridden with the environment variable `SYTEST_BRANCH`,
for example:

```
docker run --rm -it \
    -e SYTEST_BRANCH="my-sytest-branch"
    -v /path/to/synapse\:/src:ro -v /path/to/where/you/want/logs\:/logs
    matrixdotorg/sytest-synapse:buster
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

If the branch referred to by `SYTEST_BRANCH` does not exist, `develop` is used
instead.

```
